.TH "EMMA_Rest6_API" 3 "22 Jun 2010" "Version 0.2" "EMMA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
EMMA_Rest6_API \- 
.PP
test  

.SS "Files"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBEmma-API.h\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Implemented functions depending of the CPU / Plateform"
This function must be implemented for using full EMMA HARDWARE API. 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitPWM\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPWM\fP (char pin, int val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetPWM\fP (char pin)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBi2c_init\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBi2c_start\fP (unsigned char address)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBi2c_start_wait\fP (unsigned char address)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBi2c_rep_start\fP (unsigned char address)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBi2c_stop\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBi2c_write\fP (unsigned char data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBi2c_readAck\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBi2c_readNak\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Implemented functions for each EMMA Applications"
This must be never used. \fBRESSOURCES_INIT\fP \fBRESSOURCES_LOADER\fP 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBressources_init\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBressources_loader\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Ressource functions API"
 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCES_LOADER\fP()   void ressources_loader()"
.br
.RI "\fILoader of ressources in Emma-Rest6 Engine.
.br
 This function must be implemented in the file : /contiki-2.x/plateform/{MyApps}/Agent-Rest6.c. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCES_INIT\fP()   void ressources_init()"
.br
.RI "\fIInit function called by Emma Core on starting device.
.br
 This function must be implemented in the file : /contiki-2.x/plateform/{MyApps}/Agent-Rest6.c. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_INIT\fP(sensor)   volatile struct \fBRessource\fP sensor"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclaration of a ressource in the Emma-Rest6 Engine
.br
 A new declaration of ressource will allocate slot for data ressource and data log. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_UNIT\fP(sensor, unite)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization of the ressource unit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_SET\fP(sensor, setFunc)   sensor.setData = setFunc"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization of the setter function for a ressource. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_GET\fP(sensor, getFunc)   sensor.getData = getFunc"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization of the getter function for a ressource. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_LOAD\fP(sensor)   extern struct \fBRessource\fP sensor"
.br
.RI "\fIGet an external ressource. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_LIST\fP(name)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new ressource list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESSOURCE_LIST_LOAD\fP(name)   extern list_t name"
.br
.RI "\fILoad an external ressource list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Hardware Digit Functions API"
 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_DIGIT_GET\fP(port, pin)   ((port & ( 1 << pin)) > 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the current value of a specify pin. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_DIGIT_SET_UP\fP(port, pin)   port |= (1 << pin)"
.br
.RI "\fISet up a specify pin. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_DIGIT_SET_DOWN\fP(port, pin)   port &= ~(1<<pin)"
.br
.RI "\fISet down a specify pin. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Hardware PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) API"
 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_PWM_INIT\fP()   initPWM()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the four standard PWM (OCR1A, OCR1B, OCR3A, OCR3B). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_PWM_SET\fP(pin, val)   setPWM(pin,val)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the value of a specify pwm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHARDWARE_PWM_GET\fP(pin)   getPWM(pin)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the value of a specify pwm. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Hardware Two Wire Interface (I2C) API"
 
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_READ_FLAG\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_WRITE_FLAG\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_INIT\fP()   i2c_init()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for init TWI(I2C) interface, all plateforms must implement this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_START\fP(addr)   i2c_start(addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_START_WAIT\fP(addr)   i2c_start_wait(addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIWaiting Interface function for start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_REP_START\fP(addr)   i2c_rep_start(addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for repeating start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_STOP\fP()   i2c_stop()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for stopping and releasing TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_WRITE\fP(data)   i2c_write(data)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for sending a byte over TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_READ_ACK\fP()   i2c_readAck()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for reading one byte from TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBI2C_READ_NACK\fP()   i2c_readNak()"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface function for reading one byte if followed by a stop condition from TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
test 

Energy Monitoring & Management Agent for IPV6 RestFull HTTP Copyright (C) 2010 DUHART Clément <duhart.clement@gmail.com>
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
All rights reserved. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define HARDWARE_DIGIT_GET(port, pin)   ((port & ( 1 << pin)) > 0)"
.PP
Return the current value of a specify pin. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIport\fP PORT name of the pin 
.br
\fIpin\fP PIN number on the specify port 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current value of the pin. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 147 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define HARDWARE_DIGIT_SET_DOWN(port, pin)   port &= ~(1<<pin)"
.PP
Set down a specify pin. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIport\fP PORT name of the pin 
.br
\fIpin\fP PIN number on the specify port 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define HARDWARE_DIGIT_SET_UP(port, pin)   port |= (1 << pin)"
.PP
Set up a specify pin. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIport\fP PORT name of the pin 
.br
\fIpin\fP PIN number on the specify port 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define HARDWARE_PWM_GET(pin)   getPWM(pin)"
.PP
Get the value of a specify pwm. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpin\fP PWM pin number target 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 200 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define HARDWARE_PWM_INIT()   initPWM()"
.PP
Initialize the four standard PWM (OCR1A, OCR1B, OCR3A, OCR3B). \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 183 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define HARDWARE_PWM_SET(pin, val)   setPWM(pin,val)"
.PP
Set the value of a specify pwm. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpin\fP PWM pin number target 
.br
\fIval\fP PWM value between 0-1024 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_INIT()   i2c_init()"
.PP
Interface function for init TWI(I2C) interface, all plateforms must implement this function. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_READ_ACK()   i2c_readAck()"
.PP
Interface function for reading one byte from TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The readed data byte. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 276 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_READ_NACK()   i2c_readNak()"
.PP
Interface function for reading one byte if followed by a stop condition from TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The readed data byte. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 284 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_REP_START(addr)   i2c_rep_start(addr)"
.PP
Interface function for repeating start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddress\fP Address of the target device. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fI0\fP Success in target device access. 
.br
\fI1\fP Fail in configuration of the communication 
.br
\fI2\fP Fail in target device access. (Bad address) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 250 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_START(addr)   i2c_start(addr)"
.PP
Interface function for start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddress\fP Address of the target device. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fI0\fP Success in target device access. 
.br
\fI1\fP Fail in configuration of the communication 
.br
\fI2\fP Fail in target device access. (Bad address) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 228 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_START_WAIT(addr)   i2c_start_wait(addr)"
.PP
Waiting Interface function for start TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaddress\fP Address of the target device. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fI0\fP Success in target device access. 
.br
\fI1\fP Fail in configuration of the communication 
.br
\fI2\fP Fail in target device access. (Bad address) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 239 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_STOP()   i2c_stop()"
.PP
Interface function for stopping and releasing TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 258 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define I2C_WRITE(data)   i2c_write(data)"
.PP
Interface function for sending a byte over TWI(I2C) communication, all plateform must implements this function. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Byte to send. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fI0\fP Success in sending data. 
.br
\fI1\fP Fail in sending data 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBressources.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 268 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_GET(sensor, getFunc)   sensor.getData = getFunc"
.PP
Initialization of the getter function for a ressource. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the concerned ressource. 
.br
\fIgetFunc\fP Pointer on the getter function which must have the prototype : int func(void); 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return the current value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_INIT(sensor)   volatile struct \fBRessource\fP sensor"
.PP
Declaration of a ressource in the Emma-Rest6 Engine
.br
 A new declaration of ressource will allocate slot for data ressource and data log. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the new ressource, this name will be used for the publish attribute 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_LIST(name)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
volatile void *LIST_CONCAT(name,_list) = NULL; \
         volatile list_t name = (list_t)&LIST_CONCAT(name,_list)
.fi
.PP
Create a new ressource list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the ressource list. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_LIST_LOAD(name)   extern list_t name"
.PP
Load an external ressource list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the ressource list. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_LOAD(sensor)   extern struct \fBRessource\fP sensor"
.PP
Get an external ressource. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the concerned ressource. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_SET(sensor, setFunc)   sensor.setData = setFunc"
.PP
Initialization of the setter function for a ressource. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the concerned ressource. 
.br
\fIsetFunc\fP Pointer on the setter function which must have the prototype : void func(int data); 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCE_UNIT(sensor, unite)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
strcpy((char*)sensor.name,#sensor '\0'); \
                        list_add(ressources_list, (char*)&sensor); \
                        strcpy((char*)sensor.unit,#unite '\0')
.fi
.PP
Initialization of the ressource unit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsensor\fP Name of the ressource to set the unit. 
.br
\fIunite\fP Name of the unit, this name is used for published data attribute. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCES_INIT()   void ressources_init()"
.PP
Init function called by Emma Core on starting device.
.br
 This function must be implemented in the file : /contiki-2.x/plateform/{MyApps}/Agent-Rest6.c. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Emma-API.h.
.SS "#define RESSOURCES_LOADER()   void ressources_loader()"
.PP
Loader of ressources in Emma-Rest6 Engine.
.br
 This function must be implemented in the file : /contiki-2.x/plateform/{MyApps}/Agent-Rest6.c. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
No return 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBRest6-Agent-actuator.c\fP, and \fBRest6-Agent-sensor.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Emma-API.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EMMA from the source code.
